Add some useful resources (links) related to Reinterop. (#719)
CesiumGS/cesium-unity: Reinterop~/README.md

If you want to discover more elements in `ConfigureReinterop` so that you can generate code for them, you will probably need to know what syntax elements you're looking for, and it's sometimes not very obvious. But if you install the ".NET Compiler Platform SDK" in Visual Studio, you can go to View -> Other Windows -> Syntax Visualizer. Then find the code you want to capture in `ConfigureReinterop.cs` (or wherever), click it, and look at the elements in the Syntax Visualizer window. If the window is broken, make a trivial modification to the code (e.g. add a space and then remove it) and the the tree should appear.

To install the ".NET Compiler Platform SDK", just go to Add/Remove Programs, modify your Visual Studio installation, and find it under Individual Components.

# Resources

Some resources that may be helpful if you need to go deep on Reinterop:

* [C++ and C# Interop in Cesium for Unity](https://cesium.com/blog/2023/01/26/developing-for-unity/) - A high-level introduction to Reinterop, and some justification for why it exists.

> * [C++ Scripting (from Jackson Dunstall](https://www.jacksondunstan.com/articles/3938) - A long series of articles on writing Unity plugins in C++ by making the Unity C# API callable from C++. This was the inspiration for Reinterop, and had a massive influence on it. There are some key differences, though.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [C++ Scripting (from Jackson Dunstall])(https://www.jacksondunstan.com/articles/3938) - A long series of articles on writing Unity plugins in C++ by making the Unity C# API callable from C++. This was the inspiration for Reinterop, and had a massive influence on it. There are some key differences, however, outlined in [this issue].(https://github.com/CesiumGS/cesium-unity/issues/1)
```
